docs: update deployment to hosting and remove sizing (#3661)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/docs/get-started/run-in-the-cloud/cloud.mdx

Next, pick the type of this deployment: Basic, Business or High-Availability (HA).
Each has different features and data durability guarantees.

![Selecting your desired type on the provisioning screen.](/img/docs/get-started/run-in-the-cloud/provisioning-select-type.png)
If you need to reuse an existing hostname or migrate data from an existing deployment, open a [support ticket](https://account.fusionauth.io/account/support/).

Next, choose your region and size.
Supported regions include:
Next, choose your FusionAuth version and hosting region. Supported regions include:

* North America
* Europe
* Asia Pacific
* Africa
* Middle East

![Hosting options](/img/docs/get-started/run-in-the-cloud/deployment-hosting-options.png)

If you don't see a region you need, please [contact us](/contact) and let us know what you need.

Within each region, select a geographic area, such as Oregon, USA.
Pick the location that meets your legal and compliance needs and is close to your applications.

Next, pick the deployment size. This section includes guidance on how many logins per second can be supported. There are three sizes available:

> *Table 1. Sizing your deployment*

Reviewer: Still trying to track down an answer.

> *Table 1. Sizing your deployment*

Reviewer: Let's remove these numbers for now.

#### What is a Durable FusionAuth CNAME?

If you have an existing custom domain, you might have an existing vanity URL with a CNAME similar to this: `auth.piedpiper.com CNAME piedpiper-deployment-prod.fusionauth.io`

> You may notice FusionAuth Cloud now supports a `[uuid].durable.fusionauth.io` CNAME where `[uuid]` is a UUID such as `3ffe6da1-e6f5-4be4-96e0-5dabdf42fd68`. This durable URL will not change and is functionally equivalent to the above vanity URL. Using this updated CNAME will enable use of Disaster Recovery services should you require them at a later point (you can inquire with our Sales team if Disaster Recovery becomes a business requirement).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may notice FusionAuth Cloud now supports a `[uuid].durable.fusionauth.io` CNAME where `[uuid]` is a UUID such as `3ffe6da1-e6f5-4be4-96e0-5dabdf42fd68`. This durable URL will not change and is functionally equivalent to the above vanity URL. Using this updated CNAME will enable use of [Disaster Recovery services](/docs/get-started/run-in-the-cloud/disaster-recovery) should you require them at a later point.
```
